README.md, before:

# InfosecLabs
A penetration testing lab designed and built for the purpose of teaching, researching, and testing offensive &amp; defensive security techniques

![Alt text](images/Infoseclabs.png)

### How does this work?
Our public lab is meant to teach penetration testing through a full scale hands on penetration testing challenge
Our private lab is reserved for private research and teaching locally
If you would like to build your own lab and have questions you can  join us on irc(See IRC channel section)

### How do I connect to the public lab?
I’m currently in the process of rebuilding the labs to enable much more public participation.  I’m merging the public and private labs to be one giant playground with ties into the cloud.  Stay tuned, there are a lot of exciting changes coming soon!  I’ll tweet out when the lab is ready and update this page.

### Twitter:
If you have any questions about the lab please tweet to [@infoseclabs](https://twitter.com/Infoseclabs) or just tweet with #infoseclabs and one of the lab admins will respond

Network Diagram:
![Alt text](images/Infoseclabs-network-diagram.png)

### Lab features:
* Windows domain/services
* Exchange 2013(fully functional)
* Windows Server 2012 R2 Domain controller
* Windows IIS
* Windows 2008 R2 File Server
* Windows Sharepoint Foundation 2013
* Windows 10
* Windows 8.1
* Windows 7
* Windows Vista
* Windows XP
* Varying Internet Explorer versions
* Red Hat Linux
* Web Servers(Linux)
* OpenVAS
* DMZ
* Kali Linux
* Security Onion(IDS)
* Metasploitable 2
* Owasp Mutillidae
* Hacking The Art of Exploitation live cd
* Pentesterlab – Web for Pentesters I
* Pentesterlab – Web for Pentestters II
* Pentesterlab – From SQL injection to Shell
* Pentesterlab – Shellshock CVE 2014-6271
* Brainpan I, II, III
* Custom vulnerable virtual machines

### Lab Admins:
* [TheHonz](https://twitter.com/IamtheHonz)
* [Sneakerhax](https://twitter.com/sneakerhax)

Commit message:

Update Slack info
Adding information about joining the #infoseclabs channel by joining Slack

README.md, after:

# InfosecLabs
A penetration testing lab designed and built for the purpose of teaching, researching, and testing offensive &amp; defensive security techniques

![Alt text](images/Infoseclabs.png)

### How does this work?
Our public lab is meant to teach penetration testing through a full scale hands on penetration testing challenge
Our private lab is reserved for private research and teaching locally
If you would like to build your own lab and have questions you can  join us on irc(See IRC channel section)

### How do I connect to the public lab?
I’m currently in the process of rebuilding the labs to enable much more public participation.  I’m merging the public and private labs to be one giant playground with ties into the cloud.  Stay tuned, there are a lot of exciting changes coming soon!  I’ll tweet out when the lab is ready and update this page.

### Slack
If you want to join our #infoseclabs channel you can join us on our Slack team SDHackers. For an invite please email sdhackers@sdhackers.io

### Twitter:
If you have any questions about the lab please tweet to [@infoseclabs](https://twitter.com/Infoseclabs) or just tweet with #infoseclabs and one of the lab admins will respond

Network Diagram:
![Alt text](images/Infoseclabs-network-diagram.png)

### Lab features:
* Windows domain/services
* Exchange 2013(fully functional)
* Windows Server 2012 R2 Domain controller
* Windows IIS
* Windows 2008 R2 File Server
* Windows Sharepoint Foundation 2013
* Windows 10
* Windows 8.1
* Windows 7
* Windows Vista
* Windows XP
* Varying Internet Explorer versions
* Red Hat Linux
* Web Servers(Linux)
* OpenVAS
* DMZ
* Kali Linux
* Security Onion(IDS)
* Metasploitable 2
* Owasp Mutillidae
* Hacking The Art of Exploitation live cd
* Pentesterlab – Web for Pentesters I
* Pentesterlab – Web for Pentestters II
* Pentesterlab – From SQL injection to Shell
* Pentesterlab – Shellshock CVE 2014-6271
* Brainpan I, II, III
* Custom vulnerable virtual machines

### Lab Admins:
* [TheHonz](https://twitter.com/IamtheHonz)
* [Sneakerhax](https://twitter.com/sneakerhax)
